USING THE ZZTONG-PREFABS MODLET WITH TERAGON

A Prefab Property List is supplied with the modlet. It contains all of the
details for the POIs, Tiles, and Parts found in the modlet. It does NOT
contain any information about Vanilla content.

Teragon affords you lots of options -- more than I can support. So these
instructions describe one method for using the list provided along with the
list for Vanilla content provided with Teragon.

1. Launch Teragon

2. Load the "world generator 1.ini" present found in the default directory.

3. Switch to the Expert Tab

4. Add an "Add Source Path" step.

    Under the "Available Commands", locate the "Add Source Path" step.

    Double click the "Add Source Path" to add the command to the Command Queue.

    Drag and drop the "Add Source Path" step to follow the "Set Game Data" step.

    Set the "Directory" path to:
        C:/Users/[username]/AppData/Roaming/7DaysToDie/Mods/ZZTong-Prefabs
        Note that "[username]" is a variable understood by Teragon.

    Enable "Subdirectories" by checking that box if it is not already enabled.

    Again, that path is for a typical setup. If you locate things in different
        places then you'll have to sort that out. (I'm not psychic.)

5. Click RUN button (found on the left side of the UI) to generate a world.

6. You will see a Preview after the world is generated but before roads are added.
Roads take a long time, so take advantage of your opportunity to preview before
you tell it to Continue with roads.

GATEWAY TILES

As of the time of this writing, Teragon does support Gateway Tiles as part of
the definition of a Town within the Town Property List. I could provide a list
for this, but it would assume control over the towns. Thus, if you want to mix
in this modlet's Tiles for gateways into Towns, you need to use Teragon's
features related to defining Town Properties where you can specify the Gateway
Tiles to be used.

EXPECTATIONS

Teragon has appealing features as well as quirks and challenges. There are a
number of commands and options to get to know. Keep in mind Teragon is still
under development as is support for it from modlets like this.

