TRIVIA / BEHIND THE SCENES

I occassionally (okay, very rarely) get asked about a POI, so here's the
background for each one. In general, I make POIs that do not have dungeon
paths because when I play I tend to either ignore them, or am to dense to
follow them. I also tend to avoid parkour. By my reasoning, why would I
risk falling when I can just fix the steps? And, by fixing the steps, it
becomes possible to bring my motorcycle to the top of the Dishong Tower.

Some POIs have "TFP" in the title to credit them as the original creators.
Those POIs appearing in this pack are derivitive works.

APARTMENT 01 & APARTMENT 01 DESTROYED

Originally designed for A19 before we knew of A20's standard sizes. Shifting
to A20 meant the lot had to be extended slightly, which led to the garden in
the back.

The destroyed version is an attempt to support the CompoPack's desire to have
Wasteland-specific content. This version was made by using a rocket launcher
in-game and then saving the result. Ahh, so satisfying.

APARTMENT 02 & APARTMENT 02 DESTROYED

Originally designed for A19. This was just riffing on the Apartment 01 theme
with the added realization there was no Chinese Buffet in Navezgane. It is
a universal constant that there be Chinese Buffets everywhere. Until TFP
makes one and knocks our socks off, mine will have to do. The solar-covered
parking was added for A20 as I needed to stretch the POI to fit a standard
RWG size.

APARTMENT_03

This POI is based on my impressions of main set for the Melrose Place TV Show.
I was never a Melrose Place fan, but saw a couple of episodes and liked the
building.

BALLOON SAFARI 01

The South West USA has lots of hot air balloon events. I was reminded of this
by a picture and thought it might be neat if some survivors had attempted to
escape the Navezgane region using a balloon.

BAR POOL 01

This was an early A19 POI for me that attempts to mix a honkytonk with a pool
hall. A20 didn't change it much.

BIOWASTE DUMP 01

More filler for the Rural XS POI and Tile variety. There is no quest for this
POI. I suspect the zombie placement within this POI might prove a challenge for
somebody who wants to snipe the Zombies without waking them. Each zombie is
placed with their head near an explosive barrel. Like the Propane POI, careless
gunplay might bring a player more trouble than they expected.

BROWNSTONES 01

Made for A19, this POI really suffered under A20. To meet the standard POI
sizes I could either stretch it into a much larger POI or shrink it. One of
the apartments was cutoff to make it fit. Folks have liked the appearance
of the front, and it did take a lot of work. Part of me regrets making this
POI because a NYC Brownstone is really out of place in an Arizona setting.

CABIN FORT 01

This is a very early A19 POI that is one of my favorites. The idea for the
earthen wall was inspired by imagery for a pseudo-viking settlement and the
realization that some desperate guy out in the wilderness with access to a
bulldozer and road construction supplies could whip up an earthen wall and
make a fort pretty quick if they just had a day or two of warning. A20 did
not change this POI very much.

CAR WASH 01

This is very similar to a car wash in my home town.

CAVE 01

This POI was made as part of my effort to create Wilderness content so that
players might have more of a reason to leave the cities. It was made late in
A19 when I knew some A20 RWG details.

CEMENT PLANT 01

A quick review of vanilla's Industrial content suggests there's a shortage of
POIs and a need for more variety. Cement is a popular resource. Cement Plants
are industrial. I regret I don't know how these plants really work, but this is
at least an attempt to satisfy demand.

CRATER 01

TFP had an unfinished crater in A19 that didn't move up to A20. I suspect they
were going to use it as a part for something, but it fit the right size to be
used as a filler POI, so I finished it off.

DELOS HOTEL 01

As part of my desire to scatter higher tier POIs around the map, I had been
looking for a way to place something in the Old West town. The original
Westworld movie (1973) provided the motivation for this POI. It also gave me
an excuse to make a loot list for Androids.

DOG PARK 01

This little bit of filler for Rural Tiles just seemed obvious after having
worked on the Vault. Despite the Attack volume, this is still stealthable
because you can stay out of the activation range if you're careful.

DRIVE IN MOVIE 01

I was inspired by memories of a trip to a little drive-in movie theater
outside of Council Bluffs, Iowa. It happened to be the first such theater
I had seen that use a low-power FM broadcasts to distribute the movie audio
instead of having the little speaker boxes on posts. This A19 POI was updated
to A20. I also noticed TFP added a drive-in with A20 that is very well done.
It's bigger, targeted at city/town edge, and has the old-school speaker posts.
I targeted mine at the countrytown districts to keep them from being placed
beside each other.

ELECTRICAL SUBSTATION 01

This is rural filler. There is no quest associated with this POI.

EMS 01

A couple of pals and I made this POI on the Not-a-Gamer-Gaming longterm
server during A19 play by renovating a TFP remnant. I decided to recreate
it as a POI. Now it is updated to A20. To fit the new standard sizes the
entire backyard emergency/overflow medical center was added.

FARM 01

This is one of my maternal grandparents farm houses from my youth. The main
house was expanded to include a back entryway and the expanded further to
include what had been a root cellar. The rest of the farm is way, way, way
to big to put onto a 60x60 POI so the fields, silo, barn, are there for
appearance. In reality, the house, barn, and the barnyard would be larger than
a 150x150 Tile and the fields would be an 8k map.

FARM 02

This is the farm house of my paternal grandparents and I believe it still
stands. If you look at this POI from above you would think the architect
was crazy, but the layout was a result of expansion and remodeling. The
main house expanded to include a new kitchen and a large "mud" room. Then
it later expanded to connect to the garage to facilitate elderly needs.
Like FARM 01, the real farm is far too big to represent on a 150x150 Tile.

FARM 03

This is the retirement farm house of my parents. Like the other farms, there
just isn't enough map to capture all the fields, hills, forest. Even the size
of the barns are way too small.

FARM 04

This is a childhood house that was in a city on beach-front property of Lake
Erie, but I felt like making it part of a farm.

FARM 05

A small commercial farm, so there is no farm house.

FARM 06

A small farm with a trailer instead of a farm house.

FARM 07

A small commercial chicken (or turkey) farm. There was one of these near my
maternal grandparent's farm and again practical 7D2D scale is much smaller
than reality.

FARM 08

Call this a Frankenstein POI. This is an amalgamation of TFP content to make
a farm. The farm house is a modified version of a TFP house that is kind of
spooky and was an overnight hideout once for a friend and I. The barn is also
a modified version of a TFP prefab. There's a nifty hidden bunker that is a
modified version of one of my favorite TFP bunker which they appear to have
abandoned in A20.

FARMERS MARKET 01

This mini farmer's market was inspired by my local real-life market. It was
quickly thrown together in A19 and didn't change much for A20. The small
trees are to represent a Christmas Tree salesman. At least locally, our
farmer's market is held within the city limits as is not the same as a
roadside produce stand.

FIELDS (Various)

These were first made a Parts for my library, but I hadn't used them. Since
I've been trying to make rural tiles less sparse, I've been making XS rural
POIs to fill in the gaps. I didn't want these to just be zombies laying in a
field, so I burried quest satchels so players can dig a little too. Some of
the "field" POIs are actually farm buildings.

GARAGE 01

This POI is a small county garage to hold a couple of state vehicles. I made
it pretty quickly as we're kind of short on XS POIs for Rural tiles.

GATEWAY CONTENT

This is a collective entry for more than a dozen POIs that are currently
implemented as Parts because of the quirks of trying to work with the Gateway
tiles. As Parts, these cannot have Quests. Given Gateway Tiles are popular
tiles upon which to build bases, I have intentionally not filled them with
a normal amount of loot, kind of like how TFP does with filler and remnant
content. I'm hopeful TFP will revisit how Gateway Tiles are implemented and
should that happen each of these POIs can become a normal POI in the future.

HOUSE 01

My first POI based on a real house. The odd basement with a crawl-space
leading to a full-height basement is part of the actual house. I figured
a person with one-day's notice of an apocalypse might shovel dirt in front
of the crawlspace door, then rig a ladder to let them drop down from the
living room through the HVAC cold air return into the basement. This was
resized for A20.

HOUSE 02

Another POI based on a real house. This was resized for A20.

HOUSE 03

I must have been thinking of Cabin Fort 01 when I made this POI for A19
because they are kind of similar. I had been dabbling with Nitrogen's
Farm features and lamenting a lack of farm houses. A20 made me stretch
the front lawn out a little.

HOUSE 04

A-Frame houses can be a bit of a challenge, usually because of weird shapped
windows and a roof that both players and zombies can ascend which makes the
upper floors accessible in unusual ways.

HOUSE 05

A modern house with the initial purpose of being an experimental creation
using a great many blocks from Telric's Decoration Pack, which is a wonderful
collection of custom blocks that would be great in POIs. Alas, that modlet is
rigged for players, not for POIs. Try to imagine this POI with throw pillows,
standing lamps, working mini-blinds, and beautiful cabinets. Telric does
awesome work.

HOUSE 06

I wanted to make a house under construction. There's nothing more to the story.

HOUSE 07

This is my neighbor's house. Shhhh, don't tell them. It's actually a nifty
tiny house built decades ago before the tiny house movement.

HOUSE 08

Just a house. I was making a bunch of residential content and this one just
came together without any specific inspiration.

HOUSE 09

I wanted to make a house with solar power nicely integrated and electric
vehicle support, as if the owner were a "green" conscious type. The loft in
the second story reminded me of a loft bedroom I had in an apartment found in
Omaha NE. (The Roseland Theater aparments, if you're curious.)

HOUSE 10

I wanted a house with pillars out front. The house is a bit smaller than the
one I was thinking of here in my home town.

HOUSE 11

I wanted to make a duplex house and settled on one that I saw in a magazine.
The very top floor wasn't part of the original design, but I thought was a
neat addition. I'd love an observation deck like that but I bet architects
would probably scream about the design, appearance, or whatever.

HOUSE 12

It probably will seem weird, but this house started with the roof. I wanted to
break my routine of using a roof with a peak and ridge. The floor plan below
was just trying to make the most of the space below the roof.

HOUSE 13

I just let this one flow without a design in mind and while I was watching TV.
I think maybe I had a vague goal of having the entry way be offset from the
front of the house, because... no reason. Variety?

HOUSE 14

I liked the offset entryway of HOUSE 13, so this house got more of the same. I
don't recall any specific motivation for this one.

HOUSE 15

I probably made that porch four times. I really like the idea of a porch
surrounding a house. This was an exploration of that idea.

HOUSE 16

This house was made intentionally to support a higher tier. I looked at a
number of floor plans for inspiration, but didn't cling to any particular
plan.

HOUSE 17

This is another house made intentionally to support a higher tier. Again,
floor plans were consulted, but the layout was more dynamicly done instead
of trying to recreate an existing house.

HOUSE 18

I thought to make a cabin on posts. This is what came to mind.

HOUSE 19

This was an attempt to make a plot where mobile homes were being installed at
the time the apacolpyse started.

HOUSE 20

This was an attempt to turn a barn into two studio apartments. It turned out
to be a bit more cramped than anticipated. The layout just didn't work as two
apartments, so I turned it into a single residence at it worked out better.

HOUSE 21

I had an idea for a POI where somebody built up a perimeter around their house
as sort of a half-hearted defense scheme. This is the POI that resulted. It was
somewhat confined by my need for a POI with a small footprint.

KZMB RADIO 01 & KZMB RADIO DESTROYED

I made this POI after I realized we didn't have any POIs for media companies.
I think every good city needs a classic rock FM station and there might as
well be news on AM. The "morning poo crew" is a nod to various morning radio
shows that seem to get a lot of milage out of fart jokes. A20 didn't change
this POI much. The destroyed version of this was made with my favorite build
tool -- a rocket launcher.

A20 saw the creation of a radio station by TFP. Their station, KLZ, has a
small downtown studio and an short antenna that suggests it is a low-power
station, else it would irradiate the building's inhabitants. (Is it warm in
here, or is it just me?) Perhaps their transmitter and antenna is elsewhere?
Three-letter call signs belong to really old stations (pre-1922) and they are
usually (66%) AM stations. Another possibility is for marketing they leave off
the first K, so they might be KKLZ AM or FM. Or, or... okay, maybe TFP just
wanted a radio station and, well, there it is.

Now all we need is a DJ so we can "Crawl out through the fallout, baby..."

INTERSECTION 01 and RWG_TILE_DOWNTOWN_INTERSECTION_ZZTONG_01

I wanted to build a POI across a road, but Tiles to-date place POIs on either
side of the road. The only way to build across a road is to place a POI in
the normal place for a road and then build the road into the POI. After that
you cannot just let any POI place there so a custom tag is needed. Thus, this
POI is the experimental one and the Navezgane Tribune took advantage of the
new possibility. A Savage Country sweat shop also built out over the road a
little. Both the POI and the Tile have an integrated storm sewer and a subway
which greatly extends its conent. Collectively, this is a very large POI.
Some people might not care for it because it doesn't have a "sucker's path"
designed for it. In my mind, each building is rather straight foward and
doesn't need a path. The subway isn't as good as the one TFP built.

INTERSECTION 02

It seemed like a waste to make an intersection tile and then only have one
POI to fit the unique space, so this is an open-air Galleria-style mall.
Having the mall elevated above the roads and parking was the plan. All of
the other walkways and 3D aspects to the POI were not originally planned
but sort of emerged.

INTERSECTION 03

This POI was influenced by downtown Indianapolis in that elevated walkways
linked stores in the lower levels of office buildings. I didn't really get to
making offices in upper floors as the number of triangles and vertices would
have gone higher than I think some user systems would comfortably support.
The end result is another mall-like collection of shops, but in more of a
classic downtown vibe.

INTERSECTION 04

I was inspired to make some survivor content that could perhaps be turned into
bandit content at a later date. I thought a fortress made out of the ruins of
buildings might be neat. I started with some TFP ruined buildings and then
customized heavily to get them to fit into my Intersection-specific Tile.

KZTV 01

Here is yet another POI to fill the media company niche. I was thinking of a
small time TV station like Weird Al's station in the UHF movie. It contains
only two studios and some sorry excuses for TV cameras that make me laugh
whenever I see them. I made this POI close to the A20 experimental release.

LAW OFFICES 01

This is based on some real life law offices. I figure the game will be
perpetually short on law offices, so here, have one! It was made for A19
and resized for A20.

LUMBER YARD 01

This POI was inspired by a small lumber yard from my youth. It was just a
small mom-pop business, not a big chain. This was an A19 POI that didn't need
a lot of change for A20.

MASONRY 01

I was inspired to make this POI based on a small business my grandfather (and
others) founded years ago. While the original is in Findlay, Ohio, I converted
it to a business for Arizona. It is smaller than the real thing because game
scale differences but also because making it actual size would give away lots
and lots of cement and cobble.

MASS GRAVE 01, 02

These stated as POIs, became decoration, were rarely placed, and are back to
being POIs because of the niche for Rural XS POIs. This is filler content
that is not questable.

MOTOCROSS 01

The Motocross POI has some potential for use for community events, such as
motorcycle and mini-bike races. If you're running a server with those kinds
of events, it could be a lot of fun with a horde to complicate things.

NTT HQ 01
NTT HUB 01

Local telephone companies were common throughout the country and in some cases
have survived into modern times despite the public's move to cellular. These
assume Navezgane is one of those cities/counties that still support a local
"telco" because why not. The HQ is the main office building. The Hub is a
small service building to be found about towns and cities.

OFFICE BUILDING 01 & OFFICE BUILDING 01 DESTROYED

I wanted to make an office building and I was thinking of a software company.
While I did use red, green, blue as a vague reference to Google, I wasn't
really thinking of them when I made the building. This is an A19 POI that
did not need a lot of work for A20. The original version had a pathetic
attempt at a modern art sculpture out front.

OFFICE BUILDING 02

I was inspired to make this office building based on a TFP remnant. I never
quite decided what they were selling, but there's a small data center on one
of the upper floors with some larger IZM (cough IBM) computers. This A19 POI
did not need a lot of conversion for A20.

OFFICE BUILDING 03 & OFFICE BUILDING 03 DESTROYED

This POI was originally supposed to be a grand skyscraper of some 15+ floors
and two underground parking levels. Oh boy. I sure learned a lot about how a
POI can influence game performance. It was on track to be 8-10 times more
triangles/polygons than TFP's tall skyscraper. The remaining floors stay in
the realm of reasonable performance. A20 didn't change it much though the
vanilla Tiles in A20 don't give it a lot of chance to be placed. The
destroyed version was created by taking out my frustrations with a rocket
launcher.

OIL PUMP JACK 01

This started off as an idea for a biome decoration and ended up being
something I thought would fit in rural and wilderness POIs too. The
POI version has a little bit more than a decoration.

PHARMACY 01 & PHARMACY 01 DESTROYED

Any similarity to the real life "Rite Aid" Pharmacy is purely intentional.
It is parody. Rite Aid gets free advertising. Rite Aid is not being depicted
in a negative light -- at least not any worse than the rest of humanity.
Rite Aid executives and lawyers should take comfort in knowing they are a
source of medicines that every player needs. A20 did not change it much.

PRESIDIO MUSEUM 01

I wanted to make some content for the oldwest town. I had to resize it for
use in A20. It is mildly based on images of a presidio in Arizona.

PROPANE 01

This early A19 POI was partly an experiment with explosive blocks that turned
out to be so much fun that I really enjoyed extending it to A20. To fit the
A20 Tiles it had to get bigger. Oh, I hope your players like to use firearms
around this POI and that they're bad shots. (Evil laugh.) Adding Parts to the
POI let me sprinkle in some rare landmines. (Another evil laugh.) Since you're
nice enough to read this file, take this as a friendly warning to be careful.

RANCH 01

This POI resulted as part of my desire to make T5 content for the Wilderness.
Drawn like moths, we drift into the city... The timeless old attraction...
Err, yeh. Let's show the wilderness some love.

REBIRTH 01

I get a lot of feedback from Rebirth players and I wanted to make something
to thank them. After talking with FuriousRamsay, the plan was to make a POI
that he could convert to use with his bandits. He wanted it set in the
wilderness and thought he'd turn it into a Trader. The POI distributed with
the modlet is a ruined Trader infested with zombies that can be converted into
a base/trader for bandits in the Rebirth overhaul. As for the design, I
reasoned bandits/traders in the wilderness would want an established location
and TFP's various Ranger Stations came to mind, but with a more defensible
perimeter. I also noticed some trader locations appeared to have towed in
trailers and I went that way too. At this point I was committed to reusing
TFP assets, so I decided to add a TFP food wagon as bandits would get a
quick kitchen to help feed their forces that way. After that, a liberal amount
of customization to those elements plus integration with walls was most of
the work.

RED ROCKET 01

This is very much a tribute to the Red Rocket found near the start of the
Fallout 4 game. I know there are Fallout 4 fans who play 7D2D and I thought
they might like this POI. Dogmeat is there too, though he's not so friendly.

REMNANT HOUSE 01

I made this POI largely just goofing off waiting for A20. Somebody had made a
comment that players like rennovating remnant structures. Once A20 landed, it
got a small update.

REMNANT HOUSE 02

I made this POI largely just goofing off waiting for A21. Hmm, that sounds
vaguely familiar.

RESTAURANT 01

Lets just say I miss the Burrito Buggy. Pandemic be damned! Err, well really
this was inspired by the realization that Navezgane has no Mexican restaurant.
How could that be? This was an attempt to make one of those mom and pop places
where familes can celebrate a quinceanera upstairs and have a mariachi band
wander around between the tables downstairs. This was an A19 POI that I had
to squeeze into A20 standard sizes. It barely fit.

RESTAURANT 02

Waffle House is a favorite greasy spoon for my family and a user named
Max_Dong requested it while we were chatting via Katspurr's Twitch Stream.
Any resemblence to a real Waffle House is purely intentional. It's parody,
so call off the lawyers! You should be flattered as you pride yourself on
being the first restaurant to reopen after a disaster.

RESTAURANT 03

White Castle is the most awesome fast food restaurant in the world! It has to
be in Navezgane. If Waffle House is going to be in the game, White Castle has
to be here too.

SHELTER 01 & SHELTER 01 DESTROYED

I created this POI after trying to think what would happen to a Salvation Army
homeless shelter during a zombie apocolypse. It was made for A19 and was made
bigger during the A20 conversion.

SHERIFF 01

I received several requests for a police department, but I felt TFP already
had that covered. A county sheriff, on the other hand, seemed unfilled. It
is perhaps sized for a larger force than is really needed, but if you count
the regional jail in the basement it might be about right.

SKYSCRAPER 01 & SKYSCRAPER 01 DESTROYED

This was my second attempt to make a Skyscraper. It was made using A19 but
knowing what the A20 sizes would be. It managed to be tall enough to be a
game skyscraper, but it is still too squat looking. I probably shouldn't have
had the empire state building in mind. A more boxy skyscraper might have
been better. Power Records is indeed a reference to Tower Records. Any
resemblence the POI has to Tower Records in Sacramento is less planned than
it may seem. I got lucky on the partial resemblence as I was not referring to
pictures.

SOLAR FARM 01

I made this POI as one of my early efforts. It was a nice small project with
which to learn more about the Prefab Editor. It also appealed to me as a
person who likes to advocate for solar power. Arizona is certainly a good
climate for this kind of thing. Converting from A19 to A20 was quick.

STONE QUARRY 01

People dig all the time in-game. When I drive my motorcycle into the holes
they leave behind I think back to how the quarries I've seen had fences around
them and look, I put a fence around it, okay?! The transition from A19 to A20
was quick and easy.

STORE S 01 - PEDDLER PACKER and BELLA VINO
These are based on two stores from my home town, though they don't look like
that in real life. The challenge with the Peddler has been to get bikes to be
block content, instead of a usable bike, which would drastically change the
game dynamics early in the game.

STORE S 02 - FRED E. FROMAGE
This POI was created to experiment with custom blocks found in Cranberry
Monster's Arcade modlet and with my own experiments into the world of making
custom block assets. The version of this modlet found in this modlet is the
vanilla-safe version. Chuck E. Cheese was the inspiration for this POI.

STORE S 03 - VALMONT BUILDINGS
These two buildings were Tile content rescued from the original version of the
Intersection Tile. They were removed from that Tile to improve performance.

STORE XS 01 - AVALANCHE PIZZA

This is a tribute to the greatest real life pizza on Earth. It was the first
POI I made with A20 standard sizes in mind, but still using A19. This POI is
a replica of the real life store, intended as a tribute.

STORE XS 02 - NET CAFE & COMPUTER STORE

I was thinking of a mom and pop computer store mixed with internet cafes I saw
while traveling in the UK and Europe. It is another A19 POI built for A20.

STORE XS 03 - PET+VET

I wanted to make a medical POI but figured we already had several of those. It
was built for A20 using A19. As of ZZ008, this POI got a new basement that
attempts to connect Pet+Vet to the new Vault POI thematically.

STORE XS 04 - JEWELER

No story here; made for A20 using A19. The name is based on an entry in the NYC
Yellow Pages.

STORE XS 05 - RED ROCK COMICS

I wanted to make a comic book store. I don't think I picked a name of an
actual business. Made for A20 using A19.

STORE XS 06 - SLUMBER WORLD

There's not story here either. I was looking through objects in the game to
see if I could spot something that would carry a store. Beds! Yeh, beds! Made
for A20 using A19.

STORE XS 07 - GAME START & HARMONY CANDLES

This intentionally tries to mimic Game Stop, plus I had the idea to connect
two stores with a little vertical play. I don't parkour in game, so the amount
of jumping is minimal. I'll leave the elaborate jumping to TFP and others who
are more into that. Another POI made for A20 using A19.

STORE XS 08 - FOR LEASE

I admit it. I made a failed Blockbuster store for A19, saw TFP's "4-Ever Video"
for A20, and then recolored and removed my Blockbuster gag. They're a quality
operation. I'm the cheap knock-off. Made for A20 using A19.

STORE XS 09 - REALTOR

Like lawyer POIs, can you really have enough realtors? This was made for A20
using A19.

STORE XS 10 - SUDS AND DUDS

I finished up this run of 10 POIs by imortalizing a local business that has
long since failed. They combined a bar with a laundromat. We used to say it
was a place where you and your laundry could get loaded at the same time.
It was a clever idea; still failed. Made for A20 using A19.

STORE XS 11 - NAMASTE YOGA

There was no big inspiration for this POI beyond the need to fill commercial
lots of the XS size since they're not found on TFP tiles. 

STORE XS 12 - LOCO MOJO DOJO

Another POI to satisfy a need for XS Stores for Commercial. Plus, it is a fun
store name to say.

STORE XS 13 - COMMERCIAL CONSTRUCTION

There was no grand inspiration for this POI.

STORE XS 14 - THRIFT STORE AND OFFICES

It wasn't intentional, but this turned out to be similar to a filler building
I put on an Intersection Tile. A Thrift store had been on my to-do list for a
while and the size of the idea seemed to match this building.

STORE XS 15 - TATTOO PARLOR AND UPS STORE

These two stores had hung out on my to-do list forever and finally found some
motivation to make them.

STORMWATER DETENTION POND 01

This is rural filler. This is no quest for this POI. These ponds are used for
handling stormwater runoff in areas prone to flash flooding, including deserts.

STRIP MALL 01

The Armed Forces Career Center was an attempt to explain why Navezgane has
so many military POIs. Buy-2-Own is a play on Rent-2-Own. This POI got a
little more content in the ZZ0008 release which took it up a tier.

STRIP MALL 02

Another strip mall. The only note I have for it is that the A20 version had
to get bigger which led to the OFI Mondays restaurant, which is a play on
TGI Fridays. If that rubs some lawyers the wrong way, see the notes for the
Pharmacy POI, above.

SURVIVOR BASE RUIN 01

This POI was made in response to a "Pimp Dream" request by Tete1805. They
wanted to see "bases from other survivors who didn't make it." And by that,
they meant horde bases, not survivor settlements. The design for this POI
was inspired by (but is not a copy of) the A19 Community Center base on the
Not-A-Gamer Gaming (NAGG) Build Server. Notable differences is this base has
several flaws such that I'm not seeding game worlds with pre-build bases that
are ready for heavy hordes. Weaker materials were used, holes were punched in
walls, and damaged blocks are liberally scattered about the place. There's no
quest and very little loot. The "prize" is the building itself, and it is full
of zombies. Finally, this POI is placed in the Wilderness so that it is
unlikely to get convenient placement for most player destinations.

SURVIVOR SITE URBAN 01

The premis for this POI was that all of TFP's Survivor Sites were for rural or
country settings and that I wanted to explore what an organized group of
survivors might do in an urban setting. I started with a remnant POI by TFP
and then expanded it into a full building for A19 and then enclosed the
courtyard with a trailer and a bus that acted like a gate. When A20 became
available the POI had to get bigger to fit into a standard size, so I added
additional buildings and the bridges between them. The survivors obviously
failed to last in this make-shift fortress. It has become one of my favorite
POIs.

TFP APARTMENTS ADOBE 01

To me, this was a classic "meat and potatos" POI by TFP, but I can see why
they have been reluctant to update it. The internals are too spacious and
the layout didn't have a path beyond the obvious "climb floors" approach.
Still, I missed it. The POI's footprint had to be expanded to fit into the
tile system, so the playground equipment was brough over from the K6 School.

TFP ARMY BARRACKS 01

I have fond memories of this POI from an earlier alpha when it served as a
base. TFP had updated it for A19 and added a bunch to it, but I missed the
older, smaller layout so I went back and brought that version forward to A19
and now A20.

TFP CEMETARY 01

I found this POI when playing an earlier alpha and remembered it being kind
of creepy at night. I brought it forward to A19 and A20 at the same time I
was working on the TFP Army Barracks.

TFP HOUSE NEW 04

This POI was brought forward to A19 and A20 at the request of Evil Geoff of
CompoPack Discord fame. Apparently it was one of his favorites. It took a
decent amount of work to bring it to A19, and even more work to make it fit
into an A20 standard size.

TFP PRISON 01

A player approached me about this old prison because it had been a favorite
base. I'd seen players using it when I'd played too and tried to think of a
way to repurpose it. I decided that with all the new prisons, this older
prison had been retired and rather than knock it down somebody made a museum
out of it.

TFP RANGER STATION 01

I fondly remember this POI as one of the first POIs I encountered playing the
game and continued to encounter in many play-throughs. I missed it, so I went
back and brought it forward to A19 and A20.

TFP SCHOOL K6 01

An acquaintance mentioned this POI had been a memorable base for them and their
friends on a server. They had not seen it for a while. We looked for it and
found it in TFP's unused POIs. It hadn't been fitted to an A20 Tile and needed
some love. We reimagined it as an old school that was being renovated.

TFP SETTLEMENT 01

Master-Blaster runs Barter Town! I suspect TFP dropped this fun little POI in
favor of future support for Bandit content, but I have no idea. For whatever
reason it was not included in A21, so it was rescued.

TFP SKYSCRAPER 02

Many know Skyscaper 02 as the Crack-A-Book HQ. For A20 the Fun Pimps did an
extensive renovation, basically making a whole new (wonderful) building. This
is the A19 version brought forward to A20 for those who feel nostalgic and
converted into a Beatrice Foods Headquarters. For a few minor releases it had
been a Shamway HQ, but that was before I discovered TFP included offices in
their Shamway factory.

TRAILER 01

There's no long story with this one. I like trailers in the game and felt
like making one to land on a rural tile in the 25x25 spots I've been making.

TRAILER PARK 01

I thought the TFP's A19 Trailer Park was really creative and I was inspired to
make one of my own. I spent a bunch of play time in A19 using trailers as
bases while on a minimalist kick.

TRAILER PARK 02

This was a self-imposed challenge to make a Trailer Park higher than tier 1.
The larger 60x60 foot-print easily supported tier 2. I've been watching the
Breaking Bad TV show, so adding a secret drug lab got it to tier 3.

TUNNELS

The tunnel that appears on one of the country tiles is a derivitive of TFP's
tunnel for Perishton. The original tunnel is two lanes, but I went with four
lanes to keep with the highway size of RWG. This involved dealing with some
structural integrity that TFP's narrower tunnel didn't have to cover.

VAULT K9 01

This is a tribute to the Fallout series of games plus a mashup with my Pet+Vet
fake business name. The vault number uses a randomizer, so you should find it
to be different every time the POI resets.

WAREHOUSE 01

A19 seemed to have a shortage of industrial POIs, which led to this creation.
A significant challenge with this POI was balancing loot, as there is great
temptation to fill a warehouse with crates and there is a large variety of
loot crates that can be used. In ZZ010 the Warehouse got some custom Crate
blocks in response to criticism about painting wood blocks. Thanks for the
feedback and the push.

WAREHOUSE 02

I was anxious to make a warehouse after making some custom blocks from the TFP
loot crates. I was inspired to turn TFP's remnant_industrial_04 into something
beyond a pile of rubble. I didn't end up using the exact same footprint, but
the exterior has some resemblance.

WAREHOUSE 03

This is based on a local business in real life, but the name was changed.

WAREHOUSE 04

This started as Tile content and were removed from the Intersection Tile
because I had packed that Tile too tight with content creating performance
issues. They're reappearing as POIs.

WIND TURBINE 01

This kind of POI seemed perfect for wilderness placement, though I cannot
control the terrain around it, so you can find a wind turbine in places where
nobody would actually build one. The A19 version suffered from a lack of
block choices, so it looked kind of blocky, but A20 brought new round blocks
that were a better fit, so the POI got a little better looking. I wanted to
put blades onto the POI but there are structural integrity issues that would
lead the blades to fall off if/when somebody modified the tower in-game, so
I elected to build the POI as if the blades had already failed due to some
unknown event.
